Here is a puzzle scenario:

You see the inside of a bedchamber, with a large window, a bed against the right wall, a small desk against a wall in the middle, a four metre tall bookcase full of books next to the desk, and a door leading out, on the left of the chamber.

On the bed is a man with ashen skin who is not breathing, and whose head is badly wounded. The head wound is very bloody, and a trail of blood is visible which seems to lead from the bed to outside the room's door, or vice versa. The man is wearing a brown outfit, and a ring with a ruby.

Next to the bed is a ladder leaning against the tall bookcase. Just above the ladder is a book half pulled out of the bookcase, entitled "Lead Poisoning" by Henry Clover.

On the wall above the desk are the following:
- A portrait of a wealthy man dressed in a blue outfit, holding a glass of wine and a knife, with a small roast chicken on a plate before him, smiling.
- A calendar, showing the current date as 23rd of August.
- A map of a small area of countryside, with three labelled buildings:
	- 1. Woodshire - the building is shown next to mountains
	- 2. Crowtower - the building is shown next to a few trees
	- 3. Blackfield - the building is shown with a river on one side, and a dense forest on the other

On the desk are the following items:
- A pen and ink
- A page with the following text written: "Spontaneous Combustion: I, Sebastian Cloudsley, will share my humble contribution to the science of anatomy and chemistry."
- A diary, with the following text as the last entry:
"August 22, 1786
12:00 Woke up. A beautiful day!
12:30 Washed and dressed in my dining attire.
14:00 Had a beautiful roast duck for lunch.
16:00 Changed to my hunting attire.
17:00 Rode to hunt badgers. Had no luck today and returned home.
18:00 Changed to my researching attire.
19:00 Changed to my dining attire.
20:00 Had a tasty beef loin for supper.
22:30 Filled in my diary and went to bed to continue reading for my research."

Next to the desk is a chair with a white outfit hanging on the back. The white outfit has many strange yellow splotches on it, and a couple of strange instruments coming out of one pocket.

Outside the large window, you can see a body of water with greenery beyond it, and a boat sailing on the water. Between the water and the building, a horse is running past with a saddle on.

On a small pedestal next to the door of the room is a golden statuette. On the wall above the bed is a red mask. On a shelf above the bed is a yellow outfit.

From the above information, solve the following problems:
1) What type of attire is the blue outfit? Answer of the form "X outfit".
2) What type of attire is the white outfit? Answer of the form "X outfit".
3) What type of attire is the brown outfit? Answer of the form "X outfit".
4) What is the full name of the man on the bed? Answer of the form "X Y".
5) What is the name of the building we are in? Answer of the form "X".
5) What happened? Answer of the form "A B, Lord of C, passed away in his bed. The cause of death was a D E which occurred when he fell from a F while he was G."

Begin by producing multiple theories of what the answer could be for each question, based on what you can see. 
The puzzle is presented in such a way that you have all the information you need to answer each question, so do not propose any theories saying that the answer cannot be known.
Go through every fact presented in the description of the scenario, noting whether it backs up or contradicts any of your theories.
Finally, assess, based on the evidence, which theory is most likely for each question. 
Only then should you attempt to answer the questions. 
If you feel like you do not have enough information, make your best guess.
There may be red herrings and distractions, but small details may also be important to lead to the correct answers.

The only words you are allowed to use to replace any of the letters in the answer formats given are:
lead
poisoning
Henry
Clover
Sebastian
Cloudsley
hunting
spontaneous
combustion
Woodshire
Crowtower
BlackField
dining
wound
researching
horse
head
ladder