Here is a puzzle scenario:

You see the inside of a bedchamber, with a large window, a bed against the right wall, a small desk against a wall in the middle, a four metre tall bookcase full of books next to the desk, and a door leading out, on the left of the chamber.

On the bed is a man with ashen skin who is not breathing, and whose head is badly wounded. The head wound is very bloody, and a trail of blood is visible between where he is on the bed and the door to the chamber, including under the door. The man is wearing a brown outfit, and a ring with a ruby.

Next to the bed is a ladder leaning against the tall bookcase. Just above the ladder is a book half pulled out of the bookcase, entitled "Lead Poisoning" by Henry Clover.

On the wall above the desk are the following:
- A portrait of a wealthy man dressed in a blue outfit, holding a glass of wine and a knife, with a small roast chicken on a plate before him, smiling.
- A calendar, showing the current date as 23rd of August.
- A map of a small area of countryside, with three labelled buildings:
	- 1. Woodshire - the building is shown next to mountains
	- 2. Crowtower - the building is shown next to a few trees
	- 3. Blackfield - the building is shown with a river on one side, and a dense forest on the other

On the desk are the following items:
- A pen and ink
- A page with the following text written: "Spontaneous Combustion: I, Sebastian Cloudsley, will share my humble contribution to the science of anatomy and chemistry."
- A diary, with the following text as the last entry:
"August 22, 1786
12:00 Woke up. A beautiful day!
12:30 Washed and dressed in my dining attire.
14:00 Had a beautiful roast duck for lunch.
16:00 Changed to my hunting attire.
17:00 Rode to hunt badgers. Had no luck today and returned home.
18:00 Changed to my researching attire.
19:00 Changed to my dining attire.
20:00 Had a tasty beef loin for supper.
22:30 Filled in my diary and went to bed to continue reading for my research."

Next to the desk is a chair with a white outfit hanging on the back. The white outfit has many strange yellow splotches on it, and a couple of strange instruments coming out of one pocket.

Outside the large window, you can see a body of water with greenery beyond it, and a boat sailing on the water. Between the water and the building, a horse is running past with a saddle on.

On a small pedestal next to the door of the room is a golden statuette. On the wall above the bed is a red mask. On a shelf above the bed is a yellow outfit.

From the above information, solve the following problems:
1) What type of attire is the blue outfit?
2) What type of attire is the white outfit?
3) What type of attire is the brown outfit?
4) What is the full name of the man on the bed?
5) What happened? Answer of the form "A B, Lord of C, passed away in his bed. The cause of death was a D E which occurred when he fell from a F while he was G."

Think the problem through step-by-step before answering any question.